Child.
The taste of eating fruit
Mr. Deer, I said Vice.
Will serve you.
In fact, he cooks well.
Why not let him make you one day to taste?
I really know how to serve people.
His arm was injured so he could work.
Come to Mr. Deer for an apple.
Open your mouth.
Your general is still here. Look here.
Won't he misunderstand us?
Misunderstand us what?
You're my brother.
Feed your brother, what's wrong?
If you don't want to tell me.
Mr. Deer, let's go to the restaurant.
There's no dream I would do
That's hard work, deputy.
Is Mr. Deer good?
Salt, you sell salt.
Do a lot of things no one can eat.
Mr. Deer, let's go to the restaurant.
Not to be poisoned by him.
All right, let's go.
After lunch, he took me for a walk.
I heard they've got a new set of gestures.
I see you're missing a wrench.
Baby wants to buy you one for free.
Okay, then thank you, Sunny.
What do we both say thank you for?
From small to big, except for my brother, you are the best person for me.
Dear, am I really happy if you take revenge like this?
You think too much.
Mr. Deer and I were just walking down the street eating.
Don't be too thoughtful.
Deer, I'm hungry. Let's go.